README.md, before:

# CS682 final project: Unsupervised classification of surgical gestures 

# Setup instructions

## Step 1 (Clone repository):
Clone the repo with the recursive flag included.
```
git clone <repo-url> --recursive
```
If repository was clone without recursive flag execute.
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```
Then, make sure to update the data's paths in `deepgesture/.project_paths`.
```
SUTURING_RAW_DIR=<Path to jigsaw-raw data> #This path should contain all the raw data (video, gestures, kinematics).
SUTURING_PROCESSED_DIR=<Path to processed data>
```
## Step 2 (Install packages)
**Option 1:**
Create a new conda environment with the custom modules added
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
**Option 2:**
Add custom modules via pip

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -e .
```
Install submodules
```
pip install -e ./torch-suite/
pip install -e ./torch-suite/pytorch-checkpoint/
```

# Other useful commands

```
pip3 install torch==1.11.0 torchvision torchaudio
```
Make sure you don't commit changes in the .project_paths files
```
git update-index --skip-worktree deepgesture/.project_paths 
```

Commit message:

Training script for opticalKinamatic network (OKnet)
*Create datasets for OkNet
*Training/Loading scripts

README.md, after:

# CS682 final project: Unsupervised classification of surgical gestures 

# Setup instructions

## Step 1 (Clone repository):
Clone the repo with the recursive flag included.
```
git clone <repo-url> --recursive
```
If repository was clone without recursive flag execute.
```
git submodule update --init --recursive
```
Then, make sure to create the file `deepgesture/.project_paths` with the paths to your data.
```
SUTURING_RAW_DIR=<Path to jigsaw-raw data> #This path should contain all the raw data (video, gestures, kinematics).
SUTURING_PROCESSED_DIR=<Path to processed data>
```
## Step 2 (Install packages)
**Option 1:**
Create a new conda environment with the custom modules added
```
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
**Option 2:**
Add custom modules via pip

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -e .
```
Install submodules
```
pip install -e ./torch-suite/
pip install -e ./torch-suite/pytorch-checkpoint/
```

# Other useful commands

```
pip3 install torch==1.11.0 torchvision torchaudio
```
Make sure you don't commit changes in the .project_paths files
```
git update-index --skip-worktree deepgesture/.project_paths 
```
